actually just at home I had some group
of friends and family over we're
watching on TV unfortunately you know I
didn't go in the first round but good we
got a CI Boyd Vogel to Hamilton cause
exciting and then Lewbert so back
actually my god me were refreshing it on
their phones Syria Saudi now bid then
you know practice champ ain't open I
just just been over the moon ever since
it's just the culmination of the lot 11
years my life kind of come into a coming
to your nape axis score said it probably
could imagine but funny because some
family friends are so few huge
gatherings and yo the day they're from
Saskatchewan so he brought over Rough
Riders jersey for me and my dad just
just in case I got drafted by the riders
so he busted those voting and I got my
riders Jersey already this huge donkey
user and I know I expect nothing but uh
you know just to come in there and
learning at my my biggest thing is this
kinda wanna soak up all the knowledge I
can learn from these guys and you know
how the guy like Ricky Foley up I've
been valuable to have the guys been here
as long as he has and you know how some
great cups end result it's its master
for me got a little tricks of the trade
that I don't know well yes I hopefully
in the kernel a college on to me really
all extract is a I sliced right to get
back what I put out I just plan on
working my tail off and she's got a will
be at the love for the fan just you know
they see me you know putting it all
everything on the line every game every
practice and nopee they appreciate me as
I'm sure I'm gonna appreciate them cuz
all to see if I've heard at all but i
don't think i really know I'm getting
myself into until I actually go there me
never nothing but but he's saying is I
mean their fan base you mean the whole
city apparently working on game days
which is you know you're not going to
find out anywhere else in the country so
i don't know i just thought i thought
myself really fortunate to be able to go
to somewhere where the fan pairs as good
as it is in Saskatchewan you know Callie
to put the work in and become go a rider
officially
you